anything but you know music it could be
such a broad spectrum you've got
throwaway pop and then you've got you
know your deep stuff whatever you to put
it's an individual thing whatever you
choose as the grand old man it's been
around since the beginning of time tell
us our fathers of love this is a dumb
argument
latest hit I knew I loved you would you
please welcome to our show we're
thrilled to have the Savage Garden
baby cries I see my future
No
my way
do
got dreams
you
move
the inspiration for affirmation has
happened when you uprooted from
Australia to New York is that correct
it's kind of you know it's a really
personal record it's about relationships
and I was yeah I was living in New York
for about a year and I was just kind of
writing lyrics to music that Daniel was
sending me he was sending me like
computer disks in them an email
sometimes with music because music
sometimes doesn't get associated with
being sincere that's love what you do
Thank You music okay I gotta ask you why
Savage Garden you know we tried to name
about eight years ago it's from author
Anne Rice it's from her second book it's
called the vampire lestat and just
describes their world and it kind of
relates to our music I guess really yeah
look light and shade and the two
different people
well guys good luck with the record
thank you so much for stopping by